now how about friends and egypt
this is my third set
and at the moment last video
shown
and you hacked through the August tutorials after closing
in this video I'm going to show you
some interesting procedures that are out there in the network for the three
consoles
can download the internet channel
that our navigator for body
and you save 500 thousand points what is
they charge in everyone's activity
then this one
Yesterday you can install in our internal channel
this is a multimedia player
which is a belt
music videos
in mp3 civil format
seen from bb
this is what we are going to propose
as you will remember the first
from the 1st
I showed them how we had put a vcd memory inside it
our Nobel Committee posts above
well I think it's going to be at this moment is to open an audio file
dt
said shopping bag deserves
of the EU cv is that if we fall
and here two folders come out
we have here we have a debt
and we are going to listen
something from our folder
ap
since we already have the song list
just put
not just attention
and with that we are listening
mp3 files from our wii console
we can choose something never
good
There are those who see all
I have a successful music that has
let's accept
a movie
inside our console wii
we do not wait for the shortage in the two years of October 2
we already made some black spots
stop us from opening a libya dvd
this day as craig of this record as three several movies of man
taboada that I laid down chapter 2 which is the movie 2
is the abrogation ibarra
because he is currently mounting a dvd
and our load
at this time since it is playing
they think that this is to say with an arrow
we advance a little
so that nothing
we want or not in the credits
as you see already this one represents our explained
we can have access
the menus
the devedé
such as
as the language
the Spanish state
the subtitles
We grew to consume meat
we put ourselves in English
both weakened
As you can see the resolution is clear and says' it's very good
this is a very interesting program if you call
emelec laws checks
we show it
put little problem we go back at least to our console wii
he reminded them that for even more a program to appear to them as they keep
that are giving the Walkman them
downloading it
with the point extension
in another case
the executor of john buchán is
saving the documents of the files inside the folder to tlc
in sd memory
I know we have a player - equipment
that would exempt the one that I showed them the previous time that's why it is not necessary to see it
this is like the windows explorer
but for our sd card disqus
here as you like it I have some other many comparable data
erika what I want to show you is structurally
which serves to listen to radio
Through internet
here it is loading decentralizing the network
is connected to the internet loading the skins
here is that Valencia is looking for some stations
according to what you specify more
we can
choose some gender
dyn-special
of the genus
we give you for example
ma
we wanted to give it a genre
just choose some performance
to start listening to music
and there are situations from around the world in our console wii
so I hope you get for this series 3 and fears
meeting
know more programs that can make you responsible to the trial we
times
but this is the hockey shows houses
I remind you that all this makes our kids happy
friends of serrablo
everything is safe follow the steps to the letter and you will see that you do not have any
complication
and it's very easy
I recommend it
and he exhorted them to do it
until the next day 10 and see you soon